Skip to content
7th Street Concerts



Our December 6, 2025 benefit concert was filled with joy and gratitude — with special thanks to Charlotte Peruvian Festival and WDAV. We also brought music to Wingate University students and Brookdale Charlotte East residents, sharing live performances across our community. Thanks to the incredible generosity of our audience, we were able to support Nourish Up and Our Bridge for Kids, sending food and toys home with children and families in need. Thank you, Charlotte!


photo by Perry Tannenbaum

Luz de Navidad Rehearsal

Luz Singers

Luz de Navidad Post Concert Smiles

Luz de Navidad Rehearsal

Screenshot
“The music of Luz de Navidad overflowed with energy and sincerity, blending beauty, tradition, and heartfelt joy into a deeply engaging performance.”
— Cultural Voice North Carolina, Perry Tannenbaum (paraphrased)

There’s nothing quite like hearing a small group fill a small room with a big sound, especially when the result inspires a grin from ear to ear.”
— Lawrence Toppman, WDAV classical music review


Wingate Masterclass

Wingate Performance

Brookdale East Performance

Brookdale East
“7th Street Concerts brings world-class performances to the city while giving back to the community.”
— QC Life (on a Poetry & Strings event in Charlotte)


Internationally Acclaimed Poiesis String Quartet Performing at 7th Street Concerts

During our inaugural season during the Winter and Spring of 2024, we hosted four amazing concerts on our main stage and in the historic St. Peter’s Episcopal Church in uptown Charlotte.

We invited Fire Grace & Ash, the St. Peter’s Choir featuring organist Elizabeth Lenti, Alice Teyssier with members of the International Contemporary Ensemble, and violinist Edson Scheid for this first season and in addition to our ticketed concerts, we brought our music to Carolinas Medical Center, Roof Above, and Mercy Hospital.


Fire Grace and Ash

Fire Grace and Ash

Fire Grace and Ash

George Meyer

Decoda at Carolinas Medical Center

Decoda in Concert at 7th St
“Charlotte Prep joined forces with 7th Street Concerts to host a benefit concert with the Sphinx Virtuosi ensemble. These partners generously donated their time and talents, and while the concert was free and open to the public, guests were strongly encouraged to bring donations for the student council supply drive.”
—Charlotte Prep Community News


Helene Relief

Helene Relief

7th St + Sphinx + CLT Prep Helene

Geswaldo 6

Geswaldo 6

Geswaldo Masterclass

2024 Internatitonal Artisi

2024 Internatitonal Artisi

2024 Internatitonal Artisi
SUBSCRIBE

“Audiences were thrilled by artists whose engaging and electrifying performances … created unforgettable musical experiences.”
— ShareCharlotte

We are a 501(c)(3) charity and your contribution is tax deductible to the extent allowed by law. Our EIN is 47-3338048.

7th Street Concerts
115 W. Seventh Street
Charlotte, N.C. 28202

contact@7thstreetconcerts.org


SUBSCRIBE
