Skip to content
7th Street Concerts


Charlotte’s Unexpected Concert Series
7th Street Concerts is a concert series in the heart of Charlotte, NC, that promises to present extraordinary music experiences that are fresh, classical, and a little unexpected.

We offer a range of musical genres from early music performed on period instruments to experimental new music, bringing both familiar and unknown artists and ensembles to Charlotte audiences in intimate and welcoming venues. Ticketed events include free parking, complimentary pre-concert happy hour, a 75 minute concert without intermission, followed by a free reception with the artists.

Concerts are presented in the historic St. Peter’s Episcopal Church at the corner of North Tryon and 7th streets in the heart of Charlotte. Our series is poised to make an important impact on a growing and revitalized Uptown. Moreover, outreach and community-building across audiences is at the heart of our mission. To this end, for each ticketed concert we produce at St. Peter’s Episcopal Church, we will send the musicians into the community (hospitals, shelters, schools) to uplift and inspire a population in need with free, no-strings-attached performances.

Meet Our Leadership
Kristin Olson, Artistic and Executive Director
Kristin is a brilliant professional oboist who has performed in orchestras, chamber groups and as a soloist across North America and Europe. In New York City, she created a concert series for Mount Sinai Hospital, providing classical concerts for free in the hospital lobby, featuring NYC’s top performers. She founded the series as a thank you for the care she received following as successful surgery to correct a serious lung injury. Kristen holds degrees from the California Institute of the Arts, the University of Southern California and the Julliard School. She and her family moved to Charlotte from New York in 2020.

Rob Smith, Board Chair
Rob is a member of St. Peter’s Episcopal Church and has held several leadership positions there. He is deeply committed to uplifting the community surrounding the church while using his love of music and his expertise in technology to create welcoming and successful music events.

7th Street Concerts Board
Robin Cochran
Sam Gardner, Treasurer
Cameron Holtz
Elizabeth Lenti (Ex-officio)
Kathleen Mundle, Secretary
Betty Rash
Danielle Schulz

Mission
Our mission is to strengthen community through the power of music that is surprising and inspired. We bring fresh, classical and intimate musical experiences to both ticketed audiences in the heart of the city and nonpaying audiences in underserved areas – infusing our community with a new-found artistic energy.

Our community emphasis brings this inspiring music directly to those who may be victims of injustice, racism, or inequality. Each year our programs include performances for individuals who do not have a regular place to sleep as well as engaging with students in masterclasses and performances in our local public schools.

History
Established in 2013, we began as Center City Concerts offering free lunchtime musical programs for the public at St. Peter’s Episcopal Church at Tryon and 7th streets in Charlotte. The organization went quiet during the pandemic. As Charlotte’s cultural community came back to life, it was decided to reimagine the concerts series as something that engaged and inspired new audiences. To that end, we created a new organization with a new name, a new mission and a new artistic focus.

In The News

Cultural Voice North Carolina

Spectrum News

Favorite Local Charities

Art on My Sleeve

QCLife

WDAV Of Note

Hurricane Helene Relief
SUBSCRIBE

7th Street Concerts and Center City Concerts complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity).

We are a 501(c)(3) charity and your contribution is tax deductible to the extent allowed by law. Our EIN is 47-3338048.

7th Street Concerts
115 W. Seventh Street
Charlotte, N.C. 28202

contact@7thstreetconcerts.org


SUBSCRIBE
