Skip to content
7th Street Concerts


This Season, 7th Street Concerts travels to Persia, from Latin America to American roots—four concerts that cross centuries and cultures to celebrate the beauty that connects us all. Join us for music that speaks of freedom, faith, imagination, and the joy of belonging.


Luz de Navidad:
Music of Spain and the Americas
Benefit Concert
December 6, 2025
Journey across oceans and centuries with music from Spain and the Americas, reimagining Mary and Joseph’s search for refuge as a timeless reflection of migration, faith, and hope. In partner with @nourishup.clt and @ourbridgeforkids we are collecting food for families in need and toys for children who may not have holiday gifts.

Learn More and Buy Tickets

Freedom in the Air:
Sounds of Resistance and Resilience
January 24, 2026
Celebrate the legacy of Dr Martin Luther King Jr. with music that weaves together spirituals, folk songs, and classical traditions—voices of resistance and resilience that inspire hope and belonging. Featuring Sequina DuBose, acclaimed with Lyric Opera of Chicago, Royal Danish Opera, and Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra, and Patrick Dailey, praised by Los Angeles Daily News and Boston Classical Review and featured at the Kennedy Center with Aretha Franklin.

Learn More and Buy Tickets

Scenes From a Paris Cafe
March 1, 4pm 2026
On a summer evening in Paris, the streets hum with music, laughter, and clinking glasses. Victor Wang (flute) and Andrea Mumm Trammell (harp) bring an intimate program of impressionist pieces, salon favorites, and beloved classics. Experience the charm and cosmopolitan spirit of the City of Light—right here in Charlotte.

Learn More and Buy Tickets

The Trout
Who Found the River
at Charlotte SHOUT!
Family-Friendly Festival Performances
Charlotte SHOUT! | April 12 at 1:00, 3:00, and 5:00 PM

Celebrate The Trout Who Found the River as part of Charlotte SHOUT! with three free outdoor performances on Sunday, April 12 at 1:00, 3:00, and 5:00 PM. Presented at the Wells Fargo Atrium courtyard on South Tryon Street, these lively performances invite families and festival goers of all ages into a whimsical world of storytelling, folk-inspired music, and nature-filled adventure. Drop in while exploring Charlotte SHOUT!

Special Performance, Artist Conversation & Reception
In Collaboration with the Charlotte Ideas Festival | April 14 at 6:30 PM

Experience The Trout Who Found the River in a thoughtful and engaging setting on Tuesday, April 14 at 6:30 PM. Beginning with a complimentary wine and cheese reception, mingle with fellow guests and meet the artists behind The Trout Who Found the River. Following the reception, enjoy a live performance and an engaging conversation with composer Jonathan Woody and the creative team, offering rare insight into the inspiration, musical language, and ideas that shaped this imaginative new work. Held inside the Wells Fargo Atrium, this free event provides a relaxed and thoughtful setting especially suited for adults, educators, and arts lovers. Registration is encouraged to reserve your seat.

Learn More

“We went to 2 performances here during the 23/24 Season. Both were unique and entertaining. … It’s such a joy to experience amazing music in a small, intimate space. The shows are top notch!”
— Google review

We are a 501(c)(3) charity and your contribution is tax deductible to the extent allowed by law. Our EIN is 47-3338048.

7th Street Concerts
115 W. Seventh Street
Charlotte, N.C. 28202

contact@7thstreetconcerts.org


SUBSCRIBE
