Skip to content
7th Street Concerts

Renaissance Voices: The Gesualdo Six and Owain Park, Director

February 26, 2025 | 7:30 PM
Evoking a contemplative atmosphere with music inspired by the ancient service of compline

Hailing from the UK, The Gesualdo Six and Owain Park, Director is one of the leading a cappella ensembles in the
world, specializing in the music of the Renaissance through today. Praised for their imaginative programming and
impeccable blend of repertoire, the group formed in 2014 for a performance of Gesualdo’s Tenebrae Responsories in
Cambridge and has gone on to perform at numerous major festivals around the world.


Performing for the first time in Charlotte, their program explores atmospheric choral works inspired by contemplation
and candlelight. The concert is Wednesday February 26 at 7:30pm at St. Peter’s Episcopal Church at 7 th Street
and Tryon. Single ticket prices range from $25 to $45. Tickets and more information at 7thstreetconcerts.org.
The Gesualdo Six is like a Renaissance boy band, with exquisite voices that capture complex 16 th Century choral
works and seamlessly bridge to contemporary compositions. The ensemble has harnessed the power of social media
to make classical music accessible to millions worldwide, creating captivating videos from beautiful locations while on
tour.

“Their sound seemed to float in mid-air before reaching the ears of the rapt audience… every line, every gorgeous texture was radiantly clear.” —The Times

“Weavers of rich and plangent aural tapestries, The Gesualdo Six meld style and substance with beguiling sure-footedness.” —BBC Music Magazine

“Ingeniously programmed and impeccably delivered, with that undefinable excitement that comes from a group of musicians working absolutely as one.” —Gramophone

Buy Tickets Now
We are a 501(c)(3) charity and your contribution is tax deductible to the extent allowed by law. Our EIN is 47-3338048.

7th Street Concerts
115 W. Seventh Street
Charlotte, N.C. 28202

contact@7thstreetconcerts.org


SUBSCRIBE
